Revise deployment docs to use $PATH instead of venv activate (#106)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/installation/nautobot.md

$ sudo -iu nautobot
```

### Update the Nautobot `.bashrc`

After becoming `nautobot`, we need to set the `NAUTOBOT_ROOT` environment variable again for this user (since it is a fresh session as far as the system is concerned). 

We want to make sure that this variable is always set.

Add this to `~/.bashrc` for `nautobot` so that anytime you become `nautobot`, your `NAUTOBOT_ROOT` will be set automatically.

```no-highlight
$ echo "export NAUTOBOT_ROOT=/opt/nautobot" >> ~/.bashrc
```

Next, reload the `.bashrc` file so that your `NAUTOBOT_ROOT` is set and display its value to verify it worked:

```no-highlight
$ source ~/.bashrc
$ echo $NAUTOBOT_ROOT
/opt/nautobot
```

## Understanding the Virtual Environment

Because the `nautobot` user was created with `NAUTOBOT_ROOT` set as its home directory and we had you set the shell to `/bin/bash`, the binary path `$NAUTOBOT_ROOT/bin` is automatically added to the beginning of the `$PATH` environment variable:

```no-highlight
$ echo $PATH
/opt/nautobot/bin:/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin:/snap/bin
```

Therefore, any commands executed by the `nautobot` user will always check `$NAUTOBOT_ROOT/bin` first. 

> Because `NAUTOBOT_ROOT` also contains the Python virtualenv for Nautobot, all of the commands you will execute as the `nautobot` user, will automatically be used because they come first in the `$PATH`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because `NAUTOBOT_ROOT` also contains the Python virtualenv for Nautobot, all of the commands you will execute as the `nautobot` user will automatically prefer the virtualenv's commands because they come first in the `$PATH`. 
```

> This makes sure that the version of Python you're using, as well any dependencies that you install remain isolated in this environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This makes sure that the version of Python you're using, as well any dependencies that you install, remain isolated in this environment.
```

Reviewer: Maybe add a step showing `which python3` and/or `which pip3` to demonstrate this?

Author: Good call.

### Initialize your configuration

> Initialize a new configuration by running `nautobot-server init`. You may specify an alternate location and detailed instructions for this are covered in the documentation on [Nautobot Configuration](/configuration).

Reviewer: Are you sure that changing relative paths to absolute paths works correctly both in `mkdocs` and in readthedocs (especially - is this going to end up linking to `nautobot.readthedocs.io/configuration` instead of `nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configuration`)? Relative links "feel" more correct to me in any case, so it's not clear to me why this needed to be changed.

Author: Yes. I've been using `mkdocs serve` to build and review the docs in real time as I edit them.

I feel like this needed to be changed because it's actually easier to get right, when you know which page you're linking to vs. having to remember where in the tree you are and how many levels to go back. It also makes links more portable if we decide to move things around.
